it's day 2 and no Wendy and Spoony are
about to work a very busy lunchtime
service in a professional kitchen
set in bustling common garden and
specializing in muscles and frite Bell
Gogh is one of London's busiest
restaurants serving over 400 customers a
day executive chef Muir pickin runs a
very tight ship and expects the
celebrities to fall into line welcome to
today we've got some very high standards
please listen think about what you're
doing and let's execute these dishes
each will be responsible for one dish
from the menu Noll is in charge of moon
Portuguese a mussel dish with chorizo
and paprika but even before service
begins
there's a shocking story just watch that
sanitize that out and move Vidia plastic
wrap there's no time I mean we gotta get
ready for life customers arrive and the
lunch service begins when these nerves
will be tested with a tricky dish of
roast duck breast in plum beers you and
spring onion man
something nobody fancied um one last
Apollo get that top Preston yes despite
her lack of confidence she produces a
perfect plate of food back skirts pretty
pink pretty heavy thanks very much
great well done uh yeah sure novice
cooks Pune is in at the deep end with a
popular starter of smoked haddock fish
cake on a bed of spinach with a poached
egg and chive hollandaise I'm excited I
can't really go wrong he's got a copy
you know I was used to copying at school
with two habit fish cakes on order
spoonie is staying cool there's a
million and one harder jobs out there
anyway on the other side of the kitchen
a wounded Noll is so keen to impress
he's trying to get the mussels out
before they're cooked
let's lift the lid let me see Mac so it
is doubled with time it's halfway
through service and orders are stacking
up send you to one let's get three out
there and the spoonie's in experience is
starting to show let's go again
spin your eggs let's go again the
underestimated this dish a little bit
because it's absolutely killed you and
orders are still coming in thick and
fast for Wendy
Wendy that looks absolutely fantastic
nice life look at that plump absolutely
amazing well done
Wendy's doing great and she's quite a
few she's probably been a busy set a
whole lot and she's helping with some of
our character issues as well after a
difficult start no finally gets a grip
on his nerves
ready now chef
No well done enough Portuguese is lovely
again yeah but the poached eggs are
still proving harder than spoon he
thought hard ports tape back let's do
them again both of them yeah yeah Hisle
baptism apartment was I never made a
poached egg before and suddenly I'm
making it for somebody's lunch
it's good it's cold so now think I'm
prepared for everything
two long hours later a very hectic
service is finally over
vo thank you very much indeed very very
busy restaurant and the pressure was on
and one that null had to cope the
pressure is now as we're really shown it
beginning of it he got there and he is
applauding he stuck in there no could be
the Dark Horse actually he could gain a
little bit of confidence and come
through
how does spinning it on walked in cool
as a cucumber why I'm secure cumbers in
the hot kitchen
he will tease but hey if his keen me was
keen to learn who's keen to do it but
basically right at the end he - if gonna
clock it how about Wendy I thought you'd
finished stuck crying before service
staff wanted to under the bill started
to pull away from the rest
no problem myself really yeah who's good
enough to work in your kitchen Wendy
once you get a confidence she was head
and shoulders above everybody else